Add concept page for CLA assistant (#302)
grafana/writers-toolkit: docs/sources/review/cla-assistant/index.md

---
title: About CLA assistant

> description: Understand the CLA assistant and its use on Github Pull Requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Understand the CLA assistant and its use on GitHub pull requests.
```

> description: Understand the CLA assistant and its use on Github Pull Requests.

Reviewer: GitHub should always be spelled with a capital H and pull requests never needs to be capitalized.

```suggestion
description: Understand the CLA assistant and its use on GitHub pull requests.
```

---

# About CLA assistant

> [CLA assistant](https://cla-assistant.io/) is used by Grafana Labs to ensure that all contributors to a GitHub Pull Request (PR) have signed the Grafana Labs Contributor License Agreement (CLA).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[CLA assistant](https://cla-assistant.io/) is used by Grafana Labs to ensure that all contributors to a GitHub pull request (PR) have signed the Grafana Labs Contributor License Agreement (CLA).
```

> Grafana Labs does not operate the CLA assistant infrastructure, instead it is provided by SAP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Grafana Labs doesn't operate the CLA assistant infrastructure; instead it's provided by SAP.
```

> The CLA assistant project is open source and the source code can be found in the [cla-assistant repository](https://github.com/cla-assistant/cla-assistant).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The CLA assistant project is open source and you can find the source code in the [cla-assistant repository](https://github.com/cla-assistant/cla-assistant).
```

The workflow runs automatically on all PRs.
During periods of high load on the CLA assistant infrastructure, the workflow can fail to report a status.

> If it does not report back and all other Continuous Integration (CI) checks have completed, refer to [Waiting for status to be reported](#waiting-for-status-to-be-reported) to rerun the workflow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If it doesn't report back and all other continuous integration (CI) checks have completed, follow the directions in [Waiting for status to be reported](#waiting-for-status-to-be-reported) to rerun the workflow.
```

{{% admonition type="note" %}}

> During prolonged periods of high load on the CLA assistant infrastructure, even rerunning the workflow doesn't result in a successful status.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
During prolonged periods of high load on the CLA assistant infrastructure, even rerunning the workflow might not result in a successful status.
```

> In such a circumstance, wait a few hours and try again later.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this case, wait a few hours and try again later.
```

{{% /admonition %}}

## Waiting for status to be reported

<!-- vale Grafana.WordList = NO -->
<!-- "check" here is used as a noun not a verb. TODO: update the WordList to only lint "check" as a verb. -->

> Occasionally, the CLA assistant workflow is not reported on an open PR, preventing the PR from being merged.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Occasionally, the CLA assistant workflow isn't reported on an open PR, preventing the PR from being merged.
```

> You can request the CLA assistant to run again by browsing to the check URL for the PR.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can request that the CLA assistant run again by browsing to the check URL for the PR.
```

> You can request the CLA assistant to run again by browsing to the check URL for the PR.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can request that the CLA assistant run again by browsing to the check URL for the PR.
```

<!-- vale Grafana.WordList = YES -->

The format of the URL is `https://cla-assistant.io/check/grafana/<REPOSITORY>?pullRequest=<PR>`.

- _`REPOSITORY`_ is the GitHub repository name.

> - _`PR`_ is the Pull Request number in the repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- _`PR`_ is the pull request number in the repository.
```

> To trigger the CLA assistant workflow for the Pull Request `https://github.com/grafana/grafana/pull/1`, the URL is `https://cla-assistant.io/check/grafana/agent?pullRequest=1`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, to trigger the CLA assistant workflow for the pull request `https://github.com/grafana/grafana/pull/1`, the URL is `https://cla-assistant.io/check/grafana/agent?pullRequest=1`.
```

> To trigger the CLA assistant workflow for the Pull Request `https://github.com/grafana/grafana/pull/1`, the URL is `https://cla-assistant.io/check/grafana/agent?pullRequest=1`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To trigger the CLA assistant workflow for the Pull Request `https://github.com/grafana/grafana/pull/1`, the URL is `https://cla-assistant.io/check/grafana/grafana?pullRequest=1`.
```

Wouldn't the example URL here be the Grafanb repo?

Author: Good catch, thank you. That's fixed in [ea99cb9](https://github.com/grafana/writers-toolkit/pull/302/commits/ea99cb95c3452dd786cf046a369a70aee5053060).

> To trigger the CLA assistant workflow for the Pull Request `https://github.com/grafana/grafana/pull/1`, the URL is `https://cla-assistant.io/check/grafana/agent?pullRequest=1`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, to trigger the CLA assistant workflow for the pull request `https://github.com/grafana/grafana/pull/1`, the URL is `https://cla-assistant.io/check/grafana/agent?pullRequest=1`.
```
